Fix cross-account bug (#248)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/LIMITS.md

  S3 Find and Forget deployment
- S3 Objects encrypted with SSE-C are not supported
- If the bucket targeted by a data mapper belongs to an account other than the

>   account that the Amazon S3 Find and Forget Solution is deployed in and
>   contains encrypted data, a CMK must be used for encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  account that the Amazon S3 Find and Forget Solution is deployed in,
  only SSE-KMS with a customer master key (CMK) may be used for encryption
```

My RFC2119 senses were triggered: it's a bit confusing to use "must" when encryption isn't mandatory.
